Start of this project: 07/05/18 
07/05/18 , Yes , We studied for 30 minutes, and then we played in his jumping bed.
08/05/18 , Yes , I noticed that what makes my brother more eager to study is the time to play after it. Also, he did rremembered yesterday's words, but I believe what is essential to this encodement is the repetition. I conclude that repetition is key to learning anything.
09/05/18 , Yes , Julian likes to learn becuase I have conditioned him to associate learning with playing. Additionally, I notice he feels proud of being able to remember the words he was struggling with (uppercase and lowercase). He is a remarkable kid who is respectful and eager to learn.
10/05/18 , Yes , Today, Julian was slower than usual and had trouble memorizing words. Nevertheless, he still performed a superb task because he did not gave up and always found a way tu reframe the situation. I notice that playing is what drives his desire to learn, without it, it would be a arduous task to carry out. Something that I am not certain about is why he was slow, but something I must say is that I was not as energetic as I usually am. .
11/05/18 , Yes , Today, Julian was able to rapidly understand the information, but I need to improve the way I present the info to him, so he can encode it more efficiently. Great week! Keep it up..
14/05/18 , Yes , It is appalling the rate at which my brother learns English. He is now able to form sentences with the words that I am teaching. We stopped at the letter J. .
16/5/18 , Yes , Today's session was 10 minutes shorter than usual because I had a chore to do, and I did not want to not give Julian time to play. I am surprised at the rate of how my brother is learning. Additionally, he is going beyond what is expected, and he is using his English knowledge to share it with his family. .
17/5/18 , Yes , Today, we had a complete session, and I notice that Julian tends to forget the letters of the alphabet that we not rehearse. Nevertheless, he is able to combine words and form coherant sentences. .
28/05/18 , Yes , Today, I had to be strong with Julian because he was saying he can't remember or learn, so I had to rraise my voice and tell him that life is about trying until it happens. After that, he started to learn at good intensity. We did not played for the whole 15 minutes because he was sick. .
29/05/18 , Yes , Today, Julian did not want to study, but the reinforcement of playing made him change his mind. Today, I read him the tale of lego Batman. He has made a procedural memory that learning brings excitement..
5/6/18  , Yes , Today, I played soccer with Julian. I rehearsed the previous learned content with him..
5/6/18 , Yes , The process continues, today we arrived to letter m in the english vocabulary. I had to act strong with him because I see that he has a similar temperament to mine, the best way to mold this temperament is by acting firm with him. Nevertheless, I will try to be as autoritative as I can be..
07/06/18 , Yes , Today, I taught Julian without playing with him later. This taught me that Julian is eager to learn because he knows that after it he will have a fun time. Note, if you want to develop software to encourage learning, there must be a reward or else it will not be powerful enough. .
08/06/18 , No , Today, we had a 20 minute session with my brother in the night because my father came and interreputed his learning. Nevertheless, I am amazed at the rate at which Julian is learning. He is now able to combine words to express himself better..
18/6/18 , Yes , I am amazed at the intensity my brother is able to learn English. Today, he really left me with my jaw open because he is capable of remembering quite a lot of information. He is encoding infotmation in a satisfactory way..
19/6/18 , Yes , Today, I did a more playful session with Julian to teach him because teaching out of the book can certainly become common. I did not play with him today because the time did not allow me to do so..
20/6/18 , Yes , I taught my brother English for 20 minutes, in which we covered two letters. Right now, I am making him do connections between his previous knowldge and the new words he learns..
25/06/18 , Yes , Today, I had a productive session with my brother because I taught him new concepts, and it amazed me how he said later on the day, can you teach English again.
28/06/18 , Yes , Orignally, Julian did not want to study English because I know it is not as fun and easy as just being watching tv, but I hope he learns that what is hard is usally what brings more satisfaction. Today, I went over all the material I have taught him..
29/06/18 , Yes , I taught my brother becuase I said I wanted to teach him 4 times this week, but I did not made i..
03/07/18 , Yes , Originally, Julian did not want to learn English because he said that his routine was that when he goes to school, he studies English. Nevertheless, I convinced him to change his mind and deceiving him, he came eagerly to learn. While playing, he kicked me in the right nut :( . .
04/07/18 , Yes , I have taught all the alphabet to Julian. He knows most of it, and I am quite appalled at his memory. Today, my brother Manolo help me a little bit to teach him even more and he complemented the session. In the night, he came to me asking me if I could teach him English again. Maybe it was because he wanted to see DBZ again, but at least I have  conditioned him to associate learning with a reward..
05/07/18 , Yes , Today, we worked for 25 minutes because I had to leave to my modeling class. However, I believe I am doing a good job because Julian is learning more information everyday, and he knows all his abcs. Unfortunately, I did not give him his 15 minutes of playing. Nevertheless, I still took him out today to play at the park. Keep going you are influencing for good your brother's life..
09/07/18 , Yes , Today, I taught Julian for 30 minutes which went in a blink of an eye, but later I still managed to keep him coloring, even when the time has already finished..
1/8/18 , Yes , In the denouement of my vacation, I have begun once again to teach my brother Julian. However, I am ggoing to begin teaching him in a different way and in different settings. Today, I taught him at the roof of our house. .
2/8/18 , Yes , I taught Julian in a different setting. He recieved classes at the tree house where I incorporated the element of creativity to teach him more effectively..
7/8/18 , No , Today, I had an emotional encounter with JUlian because he wasn't memorizing as I would like to. We did not finish our lesson, but I accomplished a bigger purpose of telling him to make smart choices since he is a kid. .
8/8/18 , Yes , After our argument, Julian has improved drastically, and he is putting more effort for learning. I was impresssed because he is able to remember, but only when is motivated..
